# Repository introduction

Contains the code used to build my portfolio website.

## Summary

I created my portfolio site using the SSG (Static Site Generator) Eleventy. The website contains Home, About, and Contact pages. The website is responsive and mobile friendly. See it live [here](https://erik-c-portfolio.netlify.app/).

### Technologies used
- Eleventy as the SSG.
- Nunjucks as templating language.
- HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

### Files

Files can be split into three categories.

#### Input files

These are the source files that Eleventy uses to generate the static files that constitute the website:

- '_data/': Essentially a central repository of data that is used to populate the website with information.
- '_includes/': Contains HTML templates and layouts used throughout the website.
- 'assets/js/': Contains JavaScript files containing functions used throughout the site
- 'assets/styles/': Contains the CSS used to style the various pages of the websites. There is one global CSS file (global.css) while the other CSS files target specific pages or templates from the '_includes' directory.
- 'favicon/': Files related to the favicon image.
- 'images/': Contains all the images used for the portfolio website.
- 'pages/': Contains the various pages used through the website, excluding the index and 404 pages.
- 'index.njk': The main landing/homepage for my portfolio website.
- '404.njk': The error page.

#### Output files

These files are generated from the input files and constitute the static website. The output directory is conventionally named _site. It is not included in the repository, as it is automatically generated by Eleventy during the build process. Including it would lead to unnecessary code duplication and increase the repository's size. The HTML structure also differs from the source files due to the removal of the Nunjucks templating language syntax.

#### Other files

- 'eleventy.js': The configuration file for Eleventy. It specifies settings, plugins, and customization options for the Eleventy build process.
- 'package-lock.json': Automatically generated by npm and contains exact versions of all installed dependencies.
- 'package.json': Automatically generated and contains metadata about the project, such as name, version, dependencies, and scripts.